Add release notes for 0.9.3 (#2008)
scalameta/metals: website/blog/2020-08-19-lithium.md

  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Contributors</td>
    <td align="center">9</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Closed issues</td>
    <td align="center">31</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>New features</td>
    <td align="center">3</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

For full details: https://github.com/scalameta/metals/milestone/26?closed=1

Metals is a language server for Scala that works with VS Code, Vim, Emacs,
Sublime Text, Atom and Eclipse. Metals is developed at the
[Scala Center](https://scala.epfl.ch/) and [VirtusLab](https://virtuslab.com)
with the help from [Lunatech](https://lunatech.com) along with contributors from
the community.

## TL;DR

Check out [https://scalameta.org/metals/](https://scalameta.org/metals/), and
give Metals a try!

- Sbt script support with hover, completions and go to definition.
- Scala 3 worksheet support
- Scala 0.25.0 and 0.26.0-RC1 support.
- Main classes from dependencies can now be run

## Sbt script support

Thanks to the great work by [dos65](https://github.com/dos65) Metals now
supports Sbt script files as well as build's Scala files.

This includes in addition to already existing features:

- hover
- completions
- go to definition

> - parameter hints

Author: Good idea!

The full list of supported features is available
[here](../docs/editors/overview.html#additional-file-types).

> Sbt support is is achived by generating additional `metals.sbt` file for each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sbt support is is achived by generating additional `metals.sbt` file for each
```

> level of Sbt's project. For `build.sbt` we now generate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
level of sbt's project. For `build.sbt` we now generate
```

`project/project/metals.sbt`, for `project/other.sbt`
`project/project/project/metals.sbt` etc. This is needed for the Bloop plugin to

> generate proper information in `.bloop` configuration files. It's recommended to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
properly generate information in the `.bloop` configuration files. It's recommended to
```

gitignore `metals.sbt` and `.bloop` anywhere in the file tree.

## Scala 3 worksheet support

> Finally, it is possible to run worksheets for Scala 3 starting with version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, it is now possible to run worksheets for Scala 3 starting with version
```

0.26.0-RC1. To try it out users need to create the worksheet inside of a Scala 3

> source directory and can use it the same way as with previously supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source directory and then they can be used the same way as with previously supported
```

worksheets.

This is a great place for anyone to experiment with Scala 3 and see what is
coming around the corner!

![worksheet-sample](https://i.imgur.com/DZvz3Le.gif)

## Running main classes from dependencies

Previously, users could only run main classes that are defined in the source

> code, which made it impossible to run and debug in certain frameworks such for
> example [Play Framework](https://www.playframework.com/). Metals now searches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code, which made it impossible to run and debug in certain frameworks such as the [Play Framework](https://www.playframework.com/). Metals now searches
```

the classpath additionally to find any classes that are defined by the user and
not available in the main sources.

To run any such class a full name needs to be provided via the configuration.

For example in Visual Studio Code this would look like this:

```json
{
  "version": "0.2.0",
  "configurations": [
    {
      "type": "scala",
      "request": "launch",
      "name": "Play main",
      "mainClass": "play.core.server.ProdServerStart",
      "buildTarget": "root",
      "args": [],
      "jvmOptions": []
    }
  ]
}
```

In other editors users need to provide the same parameters for the run
configuration.

## Miscellaneous

- Removed breakpoints are no longer hit.
- Compilation is invoked only once for any change.
- Worksheets now display types next to the code.
- Fixed wrong completions in string interpolation.

> - Bloop now copies old artifacts by default even if workspace does not compile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bloop now copies old artifacts by default even if the workspace does not compile.
```
